Update index.md to include ERC-777 (#2987)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/developers/docs/standards/tokens/index.md

- [ERC-20](/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/) - A standard interface for fungible (interchangeable) tokens, like voting tokens, staking tokens or virtual currencies.
- [ERC-721](/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/) - A standard interface for non-fungible tokens, like a deed for artwork or a song.

> - [ERC-777](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/blob/master/EIPS/eip-777.md) - ERC-777 allows people to build extra functionality on top of tokens such as a mixer contract for improved transaction privacy or an emergency recover function to bail you out if you lose your private keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ERC-777](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-777) - ERC-777 allows people to build extra functionality on top of tokens such as a mixer contract for improved transaction privacy or an emergency recover function to bail you out if you lose your private keys.
```

Reviewer: Subjective opinion but I think linking to the EIP site is better UX.

Reviewer 2: Agree here, plus this link contains the GitHub link right at the top.
